To sign up to cassette, go to the top right on the website cursor.
Com and click on the sign in button.
After you've clicked this button, you can either sign in if you already have a Google account or a
GitHub.
If you want to do an email address, sign up.
Click on the sign up.
I already have a Google account, so I'm going to sign in with Google by clicking the Google button.
After signing in to your account, you'll see a couple of basic settings such as your name and also
your model usage.
I want to draw your attention to the model usage because this is quite important if you start getting
into API rate limits.
So you can see, for example, out of the premium models, which is GPT four, GPT four and Claude 3.5
sonnet.
At this time, I've used 824 out of my 1000 requests, so if I was to use up a thousand requests, I'd
have to buy additional requests.
When using cursor, you get an unlimited amount when you buy the Pro subscription.
For the smaller models, such as GPT four or mini.
So that is one consideration that you'll want to be bearing in mind.
And also, if you run out of requests, you can buy the number of false requests.
So I can add on an additional 1500 requests for $20 a month.
My suggestion would be to trial cursor for at least a week or two weeks.
Instead of using something like VSCode, give it a bit of quality time to really test whether this tool
is going to speed up your development workflow.
To download cursor, all you have to now do is click on the top right button, which will take you to
download, and it will download your relevant installer.
Given your operating system.
After you've downloaded it, follow the setup instructions and remember to import any VSCode extensions
that you have so that you can utilize those.
In the next video, we'll go over the recommended settings so you can get the most out of cursor.